chore(docs): add expo quick start and missing rn vanilla dep (#3055)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/getting-started/installation/dependencies.react-native.mdx

</ExampleCode>
</Example>

</TabItem>
<TabItem title="Expo">

> Install `@aws-amplify/ui-react-native` and 'aws-amplify' its dependencies using the [Expo CLI](https://expo.dev/tools#cli) to ensure installion of native module dependency versions compatible with your Expo app:

Author: ```suggestion
Add `@aws-amplify/ui-react-native` and its dependencies using the [Expo CLI](https://expo.dev/tools#cli) to ensure installation of native module dependency versions compatible with your Expo app:
```
